cinder-blocks-texture.jpg (from photoshoptextures.com) image is NOT included due to altered work OfficeInterior-floor.png having more open license than original.
License of modified work:
Released by expertmm as CC Zero (Public Domain)

The license of cinder-blocks-texture.jpg (from photoshoptextures.com) (NOT INCLUDED) is:
from http://www.photoshoptextures.com/terms-of-use.htm :
1.NO SITE RIPPERS, DOWNLOADERS, OFFLINE BROWSERS ALLOWED!

You may not, under any circumstances, use site rippers, offline browsers, or site downloaders to the texture images.

Even though this site is free, this site costs money. When you use site rippers, downloaders, and offline browsers you drain servers of resources and cost webmasters and webmistresses upwards of $200 and more a month. Therefore, do not USE any of these to download the Textures. You will just succeed in getting PhotoshopTextures.com shut down.
2. NO SAVING PAGES

Do not save entire pages to download the Texture images, for the same reason as above.
3. ONLY USE OUR Texture IMAGES FOR THE SOLE PURPOSE OF ENHANCING YOUR PERSONAL/ COMMERCIAL PROJECTS

I have come across a site that actually took an entire collection of clip art and posted it for his users. Under no circumstances can you do this. Do not take the Texture images for the sole purpose of creating your own Textures website or offering a collection to your visitors to download or buy. There are only two circumstances in which you may take the Texture images:

1. Personal use- as imagery for your web site, for desktop publishing projects, signage, school projects, art projects, home, etc
2. Commercial use- web sites you are building for clients, 3D Models, graphic design projects, etc..

In other words, the Texture images must be used specifically to enhance (decorate) projects with, whether personal or commercial.
4. UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES MAY YOU TRADEMARK OR COPYRIGHT OUR IMAGES

I've received many requests along the lines of trademarking or copyrighting images. These Textures are only to be used in the ways mentioned above. You may not copyright, trademark, or claim any rights to any image that you find on this site.
5. DO NOT-- I REPEAT- DO NOT REMOTE LINK TO IMAGES!

In case there is any confusion, here's what remote linking is: linking to the images in any way or form for whatever reason. This includes linking to an image here for use as an avatar on message boards. Download images to your hard drive and upload to your own server! If you need a place to store your graphics and remote load them, then check out Village Photos.com or Upload Heaven, which will allow you to host and remote link images for free. But do not remote load from here, as you would be engaging in bandwidth theft.
6. Please place a link to PhotoshopTextures.com as a courtesy on your pages somewhere if you use these pieces. You don't have to, but it would be nice! :-) 

Any Questions? Email Me <mailto:info@photoshoptextures.com>